welcomes a new star Autogroup once again
very aggressive looking three series we
have nice wheels also something
different
great color combo when it comes to
keeping things clean silver on silver
nice leather heated seats good heat
Harman Kardon sound system things are
cold today so you definitely want to
automobile that can go through any
weather condition and that's the 330 X I
whole wheel drive that X Drive have and
you know what that thing I don't see too
often there's all the tools that's all
the tools here which is nice but this
thing that's so you can escape to
somebody locked you in the trunk
full-size spare from Nemer
now tax season is definitely right
around the corner so come on down to new
star see everything that we have
available we do have buy here pay here
program on certain vehicles contact your
sales are up for more details on that
this one has 133 on the clock
there's the Harman Kardon tweeters right
over there
dynamic Stability control climate
control nice 91 because it is cold was
it 23 what makes it even worse is the
wind
has a manual shift capability
Homelink is up top yet the dimming
mirror all says the alarm light in there
which is nice you have controls on the
steering wheel for volume and your radio
and of course your cruise control it's
really nice in the park good handling
car
definitely takes the turns nice how
would the benefit of all-wheel-drive can
pull you through those turns and you
don't have to worry about it
normal BMW is just a rear-wheel drive if
you need more info give us a call or
come on down to new Star Auto Group we
have plenty of vehicles in stock and
ready to go follow us on Facebook for
the latest inventory or on our website
at new Star Auto Group dot-com feel free
to visit us in person at 12:39 McCarter
highway Newark New Jersey if you need
more information on financing more
warranties give us a call at nine seven
three four nine seven one zero zero two